Fix #251: check VTablePtr (#252)
minirust/minirust: spec/lang/well-formed.md

                        }
                        Type::Int(IntType::usize_ty::<T>())
                    }
                    VTableMethodLookup(method) => {
                        let Type::Ptr(PtrType::VTablePtr(trait_name)) = operand else {
                            throw_ill_formed!("UnOp::VTableMethodLookup: invalid operand: not a vtable pointer");
                        };

                        let Some(trait_methods) = prog.traits.get(trait_name) else {

>                             throw_ill_formed!("UnOp::VTableMethodLookup: invalid operand: trait of the vtable pointer doesn't exist");

Reviewer: Is this even reachable? I would expect `operand` itself to not be well-formed rather than having a nonsense type.

Author: It was reachable because `PtrType::check_wf` and thus `Type::check_wf` didn't take the program as an argument and thus couldn't check this. Fixed now.

impl Program {
    fn check_wf<T: Target>(self) -> Result<()> {

>         // Check vtables: All vtables for the same trait must have the same method names defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Check vtables: All vtables for the same trait must have all trait methods defined.
```
